Multi-model custom pyfunc tutorial (#10908)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/traditional-ml/serving-multiple-models-with-pyfunc/index.rst

Serving Multiple Models on a Single Endpoint with Custom PyFunc
===============================================================

This tutorial addresses a common scenario in machine learning: serving multiple models through a 
single endpoint. Utilizing services like Sagemaker's Multi-Model Endpoints, you can host numerous 
models under one endpoint, simplifying deployment and cutting costs. We'll replicate this 
functionality using any MLflow-compatible service combined with a custom PyFunc implementation.

Here are some reasons to consider this design:

> - **Simplified Inference**: We will maintain a single model endpoint instead of one per model, which drammatically reduces maintanence and providioning complexity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Simplified Inference**: We will maintain a single model endpoint instead of one per model, which dramatically reduces maintenance and provisioning complexity. 
```

- **Reduced Serving Cost**: Endpoints cost money! If your hosting service charges for compute and not memeory, this will save you money.

0 - What's in this tutorial?
----------------------------
This guide walks you through the steps to serve multiple models from a single endpoint, breaking 
down the process into:

1. Create many demo sklearn models, each trained on data corresponding to a single day of the week.
2. Wrap those models in a custom PyFunc model to support multi-model inference.
3. Perform inference on the custom PyFunc model.
4. Locally serve the custom PyFunc model and query our endpoint.

After completing this tutorial, you'll be equipped to efficiently serve multiple models from a 
single endpoint.

1 - What is PyFunc?
-------------------

> Custom PyFunc is a powerful MLflow feature that lets users cusomize model behavior. Going forward we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom PyFunc is a powerful MLflow feature that lets users customize model behavior. Going forward we
```

assume basic working knowledge of PyFunc, so if you're unfamiliar, check out the 

> ``Creating Custom PyFunc`` tutorial.

Reviewer: Should we add a link to ``Creating Custom PyFunc``? BTW I'm a little bit confused by what PyFunc means here, does it refer to PyFunc models or pyfunc flavor in general?

Author: My understanding was that `custom PyFunc` is a term that encompasses the implementation of a child of a `mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel` as outlined in the [tutorial here](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/traditional-ml/creating-custom-pyfunc/part2-pyfunc-components.html). Is that correct? And any suggestions on making this more clear?

Reviewer: I would prefer using custom Pyfunc models instead, as all over the end it's creating a model, pyfunc is more like a flavor 🤔

2 - What do I need to do?
-------------------------
To create an MME, you'll extend PythonModel from :py:class:`PythonModel <mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel>`.
Our child implementation generally involves thinking about the three MLflow components below...

- :func:`PythonModel.load_context() <mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel.load_context>`: This method defines artifacts from the specified PythonModelContext that can be used by ``predict()`` when evaluating inputs. When loading an MLflow model with load_model(), this method is called as soon as the PythonModel is constructed. In our example, this method will load our models from MLflow model registry.
- :func:`PythonModel.predict() <mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel.predict>`: This method evaluates a pyfunc-compatible input and produces a pyfunc-compatible output. In our example, it analyzes the input payload and, based on its parameters, selects and applies the appropriate model to return predictions.

> - :py:class:`ModelSignatures <mlflow.models.ModelSignature>`: This class defines the expected input payload format. In our example, the signature object will be passed when registering our custom PyFunc and will define how we select our desired model for inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :py:class:`ModelSignatures <mlflow.models.ModelSignature>`: This class defines the expected input, output and params format. In our example, the signature object will be passed when registering our custom PyFunc model and inputs to the model will be validated against the signature.
```
